AGW-3780: Including example of creating a Custom Policy: Custom Respo… (#174)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/custom-response-policy-example.adoc

> = Developing a Custom Response Policy

Reviewer: INSTRUCTIONS FOR EDIT

Can you please edit this PR by Tuesday?

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> When you are ready to develop your custom policy, follow the example described in this section to learn how to plan, develop, and implement your specific policy. You create your custom policy using the following steps:

Reviewer: Just so the intro topic is independent and not self-referential ("in this section"):
```suggestion
When you are ready to develop your custom policy, follow the "Good Weather company" example to learn how to plan, develop, and implement your own policy later. Creating a policy involves the following steps:
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> 

Reviewer: Suggest adding a new Step 1:

". Evaluate your use case."

Reviewer: Notice that these steps are sentences and so they should end with periods.

Also notice that although these use the imperative verb (DO), the subtopics that follow use the gerund verb (DOING). Do you think they should be the same?

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> . <<set-up-the-project, Set up your project>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. <<set-up-the-project, Set up your project.>>
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> . <<create_the_YAML, Create the YAML Configuration File>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. <<create_the_YAML, Create the YAML configuration file.>>
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> . <<implment_the_policy, Implement your policy>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. <<implment_the_policy, Implement your policy.>>
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> . <<upload_to_exchange, Upload your policy to Exchange>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. <<upload_to_exchange, Upload your policy to Exchange.>>
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> . <<apply_custom_policy, Apply your custom policy>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. <<apply_custom_policy, Apply your custom policy.>>
```

Reviewer: So, the introduction to this list is a little unclear about whether the following text focuses on learning from an example or creating your own custom policy. I suggested wording to clarify that the focus is learning from an example so that you can then create your own custom policy. With my suggestion, the previous "step" is not part of the example but what you do afterward.

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> == The Use Case

Reviewer: "Evaluating a Use Case"?

Reviewer 2: Kept as is

> To better understand how to implement a custom policy, let us look at the example of the Good Weather company, which is in the business of forecasting weather that predicts the atmospheric conditions for a given location and time. Good Weather collects quantitative data about the current state of the atmosphere at a given place and using meteorology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To better understand how to implement a custom policy, imagine an example "Good Weather" company that is in the business of forecasting weather for a given location and time. Good Weather collects quantitative data about the current state of the atmosphere at a given place and, using meteorology, predicts how that current state will change over time..
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> Based on the current weather patters, Good Weather want to provide the capability to add custom responses to the weather forecast in the consuming application. The application must be able to manipulate the status code and response message based on a series of conditions that are evaluated on each request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the current weather patterns, Good Weather wants to provide the capability to add custom responses to the weather forecast in the consuming application. The application must be able to manipulate the status code and response message based on a series of conditions that are evaluated on each request.
```

Reviewer: The previous paragraph is unclear to me. What is "the consuming application"? Do we mean the consumer application? Should we just say "users"? 
Why would users make "custom responses" to a weather forecast? It makes more sense that they would make custom requests, and that the app would provide custom responses.
Do we mean that Good Weather wants users to be able to go into the app and choose custom dates, times, and locations for which they want weather forecasts, and receive them?
Consider making the wording more simple and flow clearly chronological:
Company goal to provide user goal.
Company creates app.
User goal to receive custom weather forecast.
User uses app to request by specifying date and location.
App uses meteorology to predict from current.
App returns results.

Reviewer 2: I do provide the example in the succeeding paras to make it clearer.

> Telstra is an IT company that develops operating systems and applications for mobile and home computing technologies. Telstra wants to integrate with Good Weather to be able to display daily weather forecasts on mobiles and PCs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Telstra is an IT company that develops applications for mobile and home computing technologies. Telstra wants to integrate with Good Weather to display daily weather forecasts on mobiles and PCs.
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> *<Lorena, can we build on this example? Why would this company now want to create a custom repsonse policy?>*

Reviewer: This question should be removed from the file so that it does not get published.
It should also be removed prior to submission for editing.

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> Good Weather uses an HTTP Proxy with a Basic Authentication policy applied to it. Each time a request arrives, the Basic Authentication policy checks the bearer token and performs one of the following tasks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Good Weather uses an HTTP proxy with a basic authentication policy applied to it. Each time a request arrives, the policy checks the bearer token and performs one of the following tasks:
```
I have not seen reference to a "bearer token" before, although I have to "client ID" and "client secret."

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> * Allow the request to reach the backend, or 

Reviewer: List items should be separate, without conjunctions implying continuation at their ends:
```suggestion
* Allow the request to reach the back end.
```
Will your audience know what it means to "reach the back end"? Can we state this more meaningfully?

Reviewer 2: "backend" is an industry-wide standard.

> * If the validation is not successful, the policy is returned with a 401 Unauthorized Status Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reject the request, if validation is not successful, with a 401 Unauthorized Status code.
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> But what if, in case of unauthorized access, Telstra wants to include a different message each time it receives a 401 error. Developing a custom response policy allows Telstra to change the response message and status code based on a series of different conditions. For example, Telstra can state that if the response contains an Unauthorized status code, they modify the response payload accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But what if, in case of failed validation, Telstra wants its application to provide users with a custom response, based on specific conditions? For example, imagine that Telstra wants its application to not just return an error code but also provide additional response payload.
```
It would be best to reword the first sentence to not be a question; we typically avoid them.
In the rest of the text, I attempted a simplified wording based on what I was able to understand from the current text. You can probably reword this much better than I! Try to clarify what kind of response Telstra wants to provide, besides just a standard error.

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> The following sections explain how to create this custom policy.

Reviewer: Again, avoid self-reference: "the following sections."
You can safely omit this transition because of the topic set intro, which sets the topic chronology.

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

[[set-up-the-project]]

> == Setting Up the Project

Reviewer: Set Up the Project?
See previous question about making list and titles match, if desired.

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> When you create a custom policy, you start with creating a xref:custom-policy-getting-started.adoc[custom policy Archetype project]. To get started, run the archetype, replacing the parameters in bold with the ones of your need. The example uses the following details:

Reviewer: How does this relate to the Good Weather and Telstra example?
The intro implies that these tasks will use the example to teach the process, which the audience then later applies to its own use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a custom policy, you start by creating a xref:custom-policy-getting-started.adoc[custom policy archetype project]. Then you run the archetype, replacing the parameters shown here in bold with your own parameters.  
The following example uses these values:
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> * The `DgroupId` parameter uses your Organization ID. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*`DgroupId` is your organization ID. 
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> * The `DartifactId` parameter uses the `custom-response-policy` value. You can set it to any other value as required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `DartifactId` is the `custom-response-policy` value. 
You can set it to any value that you require.
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> * The `Dversion` parameter uses 1.0.0 as the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Dversion` is 1.0.0.
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> *  The `DartifactId` and `Dversion` parameters do not have any restrictions.

Reviewer: This item is not parallel with the other items in this list.
It is not really necessary, because the entry for DartifactId already states this, and a version number implies this.

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

[source,console,linenums]
----
mvn -Parchetype-repository archetype:generate \
-DarchetypeGroupId=org.mule.tools \
-DarchetypeArtifactId=api-gateway-custom-policy-archetype \
-DarchetypeVersion=1.1.0 \
-DgroupId=<your_organization_ID> \
-DartifactId=custom-response-policy \
-Dversion=1.0.0 \
-Dpackage=mule-policy
----

> 

Reviewer: Isn't the purpose of setting up an example use case so that you can present syntax values appropriate to that case, as examples?

Reviewer 2: Good point! org.mule.tools

[[create_the_YAML]]
== Creating the YAML Configuration File

> 

Reviewer: Again, how does this relate to Good Weather and Testra?
Shouldn't we be showing values that apply to this example: locations, times, weather conditions...?

Reviewer: GLOBALLY, instead of "you," these texts should refer to Good Weather and Testra.
I'll stop commenting on this in every topic.

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> After you set up a project, you are now ready to start adding dependencies and components to your custom policy. You start by defining the input parameters of the policy to configure in API Manager. The example in this section uses the following events flow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you set up a project, you start adding dependencies and components to customize it. You start by defining the input parameters of the policy to configure in API Manager:
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> 

Reviewer: If this is a flow, this should be an ordered list (numbered), not a bullet list.

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> * First the conditions used to evaluate the request and response is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Specify the conditions used to evaluate the request and response.
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> * If conditions are parametric, then Dataweave expressions are created.

Reviewer: I guess your audience understands parametric conditions? And how DataWeave expressions work?
Also, the user performs the first step, but what performs the second?
```suggestion
* If conditions are parametric, then DataWeave expressions are created.
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> * A check is performed to verify whether the conditions are met at the same time.

Reviewer: Fix passive voice: what performs the check?
To what does "at the same time" refer? The previous action? or simultaneous conditions?

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> * The status code set in case the conditions are met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the conditions are met, the status code is set.
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> * The payload is set in case the conditions are met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the conditions are met, the payload is set.
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> Example YAML File For the Policy UI:

Reviewer: We have not mentioned the policy UI so far in this section. Does that make this confusing?
```suggestion
Following is an example YAML file for the policy UI:
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

     description: Dataweave expression that will be evaluated to define if the request should be modified.
     type: expression
     optional: true
     sensitive: false
     allowMultiple: false
     dependsOnKey: evaluateInResponse
     dependsOnValue: true
   - propertyName: mergeBothConditions
     name: Merge both conditions
     description: Check if both request and response conditions need to be met.
     type: boolean
     optional: true
     defaultValue: false
   - propertyName: statusCode
     name: Status Code
     type: int
     minimumValue: 0
     maximumValue: 999
     description: Status code to return when the condition is met.
     optional: true
     sensitive: false
     allowMultiple: false
   - propertyName: payload
     name: Payload
     type: expression
     description: Expression that sets the payload to return when the condition is met.
     optional: true
     sensitive: false
     allowMultiple: false
----

In the example, the `dependsOnKey` and `dependsOnValue` parameters specify that the key indicated in `dependsOnKey` must be set to the value indicated in `dependsOnValue`, to display the fields `responseCondition` or `requestCondition`.

> In the UI, this translates to a checkbox in `evaluateInTheRequest` or `evaluateInTheResponse`, that will make the field `responseCondition` or `requestCondition` appear depending on the value of the checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the UI, this translates to a checkbox in `evaluateInTheRequest` or `evaluateInTheResponse` that causes either the `requestCondition` or the `responseCondition` field to appear, respectively.
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> For more information about how to set up of the YAML file, see xref:custom-policy-4-reference#yaml-configuration-file[YAML Configuration File documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about how to set up of the YAML file, see xref:custom-policy-4-reference#yaml-configuration-file[YAML Configuration File].
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

Based on the example, the UI is generated as:

image::custom-response-policy-ui.png[custom-response-policy]

The following screenshot illustrates the `dependsOnKey` and `dependsOnValue` parameters:

image::depends-on-key-demo.png[depends-on-key-demo]

[[implment_the_policy]]
== Implementing the Policy

> Now that you have defined the input parameters for your policy, you can start with implementing your policy. To implement your policy, you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you define the input parameters for your policy, you can implement your policy as follows:
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

. Add your dependencies in the `pom.xml` file.
. Add conditions in the `template.xml` file.

[[add_dependencies_in_pom]]

> === Add Dependencies in POM.XML File

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Add Dependencies in the pom.xml File
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> To transform your response with the new status code and payload you must create an extension. This helps you to avoid developing the boilerplate code to transform the response message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To transform your response with the new status code and payload, you must create an extension. This helps you to avoid developing the boilerplate code to transform the response message.
```
By "boilerplate code" do you mean Error 401?

Reviewer: Should what follows be steps?

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> In your `pom.xml`, include all the dependencies that you need to use. In this case, you only need the `http-policy-transform-extension`, which will help you to easily modify the response information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your pom.xml file, include all the dependencies that you need to use. In this case, you need only `http-policy-transform-extension`, which helps you to easily modify the response information.
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

In the `<dependencies>` section of the policy pomXML file, include the following dependencies:

[source,XML,linenums]
----
<dependency>
   <groupId>com.mulesoft.anypoint</groupId>
   <artifactId>mule-http-policy-transform-extension</artifactId>
   <version>${httpPolicyTransformVersion}</version>
   <classifier>mule-plugin</classifier>
</dependency>
----

> === Add Conditions in Template.XML File

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Add Conditions in the template.xml File
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> You must now associate the YAML file with the Handlebars. The YAML file, is used to complete the fields in the XML, for example, to create the expressions that will be used, or to add an entire block of code.

Reviewer: I looked up Handlebars; never heard of this!
Should we follow it with "file" or "helper"?
```suggestion
Next, associate the YAML file with the Handlebars. The YAML file is used to complete the fields in the XML: for example, to create the expressions that will be used, or to add an entire block of code.
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

In the `template.xml` file, you must include the following code:

[source,XML,linenums]
----
{{#if evaluateInRequest}}
<set-variable variableName="requestConditionMet" value="{{{requestCondition}}}" />
{{/if}}
<http-policy:execute-next/>
{{#if evaluateInResponse}}
<set-variable variableName="responseConditionMet" value="{{{responseCondition}}}" />
{{/if}}
----

> Note that the pieces of code in double braces correspond to xref:custom-policy-4-reference#handlebars[Handlebars] syntax, which uses a template engine to compose the policy template with the configuration defined in the YAML file. The values used to configure the template must be the keys defined earlier in the YAML Configuration File. Both values must match. Misspelling in any of the parameters can generate errors when developing custom policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the pieces of code in double braces ( {{ }} ) correspond to xref:custom-policy-4-reference#handlebars[Handlebars] syntax, which uses a template engine to compose the policy template with the configuration defined in the YAML file. The values used to configure the template must be the keys defined earlier in the YAML configuration file. Both values must match. Misspelling in any of the parameters can generate errors.
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> In the above example, the parameters `evaluateInRequest` and `evaluateInResponse` define elements that will hold the value of the condition to be evaluated, defined in `requestCondition` and `responseCondition`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous example, the parameters `evaluateInRequest` and `evaluateInResponse` define elements that will hold the value of the condition to be evaluated, defined in `requestCondition` and `responseCondition`.
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> For example when you configure your policy, you want to check if a particular header is present in the request. However, you do not want to check anything in the response. In this case, your policy configuration will look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when you configure your policy, you want to validate that a particular header is present in the request. However, you do not want to check anything in the response. In this case, your policy configuration looks like this:
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

image::custom-response-configuration.png[custom-response-configuration]

> When deployed, the template will be resolved as displayed in the following code example. This is because you did not specify any response condition. Therefore, the Handlebars will not include it in the resolved template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deployed, the template is resolved as displayed in the following code example. Because you did not specify any response condition, the Handlebars do not include it in the resolved template:
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

       {{/if}}

       {{#if payload}}
       <set-variable variableName="payload" value="{{{payload}}}" />
       {{/if}}

       <http-transform:set-response statusCode="#[vars.statusCode default attributes.statusCode]">
           <http-transform:body>#[vars.payload default payload]</http-transform:body>
           <http-transform:headers>#[attributes.headers]</http-transform:headers>
       </http-transform:set-response>
   </when>
   {{else}}
   <when expression="#[(vars.requestConditionMet default false) or (vars.responseConditionMet default false)]" >
       {{#if statusCode}}
       <set-variable variableName="statusCode" value="{{statusCode}}" />
       {{/if}}

       {{#if payload}}
       <set-variable variableName="payload" value="{{{payload}}}" />
       {{/if}}

       <http-transform:set-response statusCode="#[vars.statusCode default attributes.statusCode]">
           <http-transform:body>#[vars.payload default payload]</http-transform:body>
           <http-transform:headers>#[attributes.headers]</http-transform:headers>
       </http-transform:set-response>
   </when>
   {{/if}}
</choice>
----

> To modify the payload and the status code, if set, you use the `http-policy-transform-extension` that is included in the <<add_dependencies_in_pom, dependencies>>. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To modify the payload and the status code, if set, use the `http-policy-transform-extension` parameter that is included in the <<add_dependencies_in_pom, dependencies>>. 
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> Notice how Handlebars is used to resolve pieces of the template, like we recently explained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice how Handlebars is used to resolve pieces of the template, as described earlier.
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> Your brand new Custom Response Policy is now ready. You can now upload the policy to Exchange and test it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your custom response policy is now ready to be uploaded to Exchange and tested. 
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

[[upload_to_exchange]]
== Uploading to Exchange

> To upload a custom policy to Exchange, you must verify whether you in your `pom.xml`` file is correctly configured for your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upload a custom policy to Exchange, you must verify that your `pom.xml` file is correctly configured for your organization.
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

> First, you must configure a new server in your Maven `settings.xml` file. Assign it a unique ID, and the username and password of your Exchange credentials.

Reviewer: Is this actually part of the prerequisites?

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

=== Task Prerequisites

Before you upload your policy to Exchange, verify that:

> * The URL matches the one of your region. By default, the archetype sets the URL that corresponds to the US region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The URL matches the one of your region. 
By default, the archetype sets the URL that corresponds to the US region.
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

* The repository ID matches the one from the Maven settings. 
+
Tip: You can define an alias to that repository using the name tag.

[source,XML,linenums]
----
<servers>
      <server>
         <id>your_server_id</id>
         <username>your_username</username>
         <password>your_password</password>
       </server>
</servers>
----

> Then, go to your policy `pom.xml` file` and locate the `distributionManagement` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, go to your policy `pom.xml` file` and locate the `distributionManagement` section:
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

[source,XML,linenums]
----
<distributionManagement>
    <repository>
        <id>your_server_id</id>
        <name>My Repository</name>
        <url>${exchange.url}</url>
        <layout>default</layout>
    </repository>
</distributionManagement>
----

After you check the configuration of the servers, begin uploading your policy to Exchange using the following command:

[source,console,linenums]
----
> mvn deploy
----

> Your policy is now uploaded to Exchange.

Reviewer: We should not have to end a task with a statement that it succeeded, I think. That should be assumed.

Reviewer 2: I left it in. Done! Thanks!

[[apply_custom_policy]]
== Applying the Policy

> You apply a custom policy the same way as you apply a Default policy. When you go to API Manager, you can see the new policy available and ready to configure and use:

Reviewer: This statement confuses me. If a policy is a default, do you have to apply it at all or is it already applied?
```suggestion
You apply a custom policy the same way as you apply a default policy. When you go to API Manager, you can see the new policy available and ready to configure and use:
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

image::custom-response-policy-platform.png[custom-response-policy-platform]

> To see the full example of the custom policy, see to xref:https://github.com/mulesoft/api-gateway-custom-policies-examples[Custom Policies Examples] Github repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the full custom policy example, see xref:https://github.com/mulesoft/api-gateway-custom-policies-examples[Custom Policies Examples] Github repository.
```

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

. <<set-up-the-project, Set up your project>>
. <<create_the_YAML, Create the YAML Configuration File>>
. <<implment_the_policy, Implement your policy>>
. <<upload_to_exchange, Upload your policy to Exchange>>
. <<apply_custom_policy, Apply your custom policy>>

== The Use Case

To better understand how to implement a custom policy, let us look at the example of the Good Weather company, which is in the business of forecasting weather that predicts the atmospheric conditions for a given location and time. Good Weather collects quantitative data about the current state of the atmosphere at a given place and using meteorology.

Based on the current weather patters, Good Weather want to provide the capability to add custom responses to the weather forecast in the consuming application. The application must be able to manipulate the status code and response message based on a series of conditions that are evaluated on each request.

Telstra is an IT company that develops operating systems and applications for mobile and home computing technologies. Telstra wants to integrate with Good Weather to be able to display daily weather forecasts on mobiles and PCs.

> *<Lorena, can we build on this example? Why would this company now want to create a custom repsonse policy?>*

Author: Sounds good! It's ok for me.

Good Weather uses an HTTP Proxy with a Basic Authentication policy applied to it. Each time a request arrives, the Basic Authentication policy checks the bearer token and performs one of the following tasks:

* Allow the request to reach the backend, or 
* If the validation is not successful, the policy is returned with a 401 Unauthorized Status Code.

But what if, in case of unauthorized access, Telstra wants to include a different message each time it receives a 401 error. Developing a custom response policy allows Telstra to change the response message and status code based on a series of different conditions. For example, Telstra can state that if the response contains an Unauthorized status code, they mofidy the response payload accordingly.

The following sections explain how to create this custom policy.

[[set-up-the-project]]
== Setting Up the Project

> When you create a custom policy, your start with creating a xref:custom-policy-getting-started.adoc[custom policy Archetype project]. To get started, run the archetype, replacing the parameters in bold with the ones of your need. The example uses the following details:

Author: `you` start?

Reviewer 2: Good catch! Thanks! Done!

In the UI, this translates to a checkbox in `evaluateInTheRequest` or `evaluateInTheResponse`, that will make the field `responseCondition` or `requestCondition` appear depending on the value of the checkbox.

For more information about how to set up of the YAML file, see xref:custom-policy-4-reference#yaml-configuration-file[YAML Configuration File documentation].

Based on the example, the UI is generated as:

image::custom-response-policy-ui.png[custom-response-policy]

The following screenshot illustrates the `dependsOnKey` and `dependsOnValue` parameters:

image::depends-on-key-demo.png[depends-on-key-demo]

[[implment_the_policy]]
== Implementing the Policy

Now that you have defined the input parameters for your policy, you can start with implementing your policy. To implement your policy, you:

. Add your dependencies in the `pom.xml` file.
. Add conditions in the `template.xml` file.

=== Add Dependencies in POM.XML File

In your `pom.xml`, include all the dependencies that you need to use. In this case, you only need the `http-policy-transform-extension`, which will help you to easily modify the response information.

> *<Lorena, why do they need to do this? How does it help?>*

Author: The idea is to show the entire process of developing a custom policy. In this case, as we are using the `http-policy-transform-extension` to simplify the process of transforming the message, we need to include that dependency. I think that is a common use case to include our own extensions as dependencies.

Do you hav any observations about this? Any better approach?

Reviewer 2: I guess what I'm asking is what does adding dependencies do for them. I want to know how it helps them. Like for example when building the house, the foundation is done first. This helps seal the structure of the building. Then we add cement or wood, to create the bare bones of the house, then add fixtures like doors and windows and then do the interiors. I want to break down what does each step translate to for them. Same with the next comment.

Author: Oh, ok. Great. We are adding the `http-transform-extension` in order to allow transforming the response (the new status code and the payload). With this extension we are avoiding to write a lot of boilerplate code in order to transform the response message.

I can't exactly map this usage to a nice `user friendly` example, like the one you gave to me with the house.

Reviewer 2: O.K. added! Thanks!

. Add your dependencies in the `pom.xml` file.
. Add conditions in the `template.xml` file.

[[add_dependencies_in_pom]]
=== Add Dependencies in POM.XML File

> To transform your response with the new status code and payload you must create an extension. This helps you to avoid developing the boilerplate code to transform the response message.

Author: I was thinking that, as we already have this HTTP Policy Transform extension documented, we can include a link to the docs somewhere. The docs are [here](https://docs.mulesoft.com/api-manager/2.x/http-policy-transform). What do you think?

Reviewer 2: Good point! Done!

</dependency>
----

=== Add Conditions in Template.XML File

> *<Lorena, why do they need to do this? How does it help?>*

Author: The idea is to explain a little bit the skeleton of a custom policy, and how does it work.

Author: I believe that the importance of this section is to help them understand the structure of the policy template, and make a connection between the YAML file and Handlebars.

That what they define in the YAML file, will be used to complete some fields in the XML (for example, the expressions that will be used), or to add an entire block of code, etc.

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!

</choice>
----

> To modify the payload and the status code, if set, you use the `http-policy-transform-extension` that is included in the dependencies at the beginning of this section. *<Lorena, where is this? Can we highlight>*

Author: I don't understand this question. 🤔

Reviewer 2: I mean where exactly is this is section in the beginning. We are trying to be specific instead of sending them to go search for it. Makes sense?

Author: Oh, great. The section I'm refering to is the one titled `Add Dependencies in POM.XML File`

Reviewer 2: Done! Thanks!
